Temporal docs added to expressions.rst (#2487)
Eventual-Inc/Daft: docs/source/user_guide/basic_concepts/expressions.rst

    df = df.with_column("minute", df["x"].dt.minute())
    df = df.with_column("second", df["x"].dt.second())
    df.show()

.. code:: none

    +------------------------+------+------+-----+------+-------+--------+
    | x                      | year | month| day | hour | minute| second |
    | DateTime               | Int32| Int32|Int32| Int32| Int32 | Int32  |
    +========================+======+======+=====+======+=======+========+
    | 2021-01-01T00:01:01    | 2021 | 1    | 1   | 0    | 1     | 1      |
    +------------------------+------+------+-----+------+-------+--------+
    | 2021-01-01T00:01:59    | 2021 | 1    | 1   | 0    | 1     | 59     |
    +------------------------+------+------+-----+------+-------+--------+
    | 2021-01-01T00:02:00    | 2021 | 1    | 1   | 0    | 2     | 0      |
    +------------------------+------+------+-----+------+-------+--------+
    (Showing first 3 rows)

Converting Between Time Zones
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can convert a Timestamp to a different time zone.

.. code:: python

    df = daft.from_pydict({
        "json": [
            '{"a": 1, "b": 2}',
            '{"a": 3, "b": 4}',
        ],
    })

>     df = df.with_column("a", df["json"].json.query(".a"))

Reviewer: Json?

    df.collect()

.. code:: none

    ╭──────────────────┬──────╮
    │ json             ┆ a    │
    │ ---              ┆ ---  │
    │ Utf8             ┆ Utf8 │
    ╞══════════════════╪══════╡
    │ {"a": 1, "b": 2} ┆ 1    │
    ├╌╌╌╌╌╌╌╌╌╌╌╌╌╌╌╌╌╌┼╌╌╌╌╌╌┤
    │ {"a": 3, "b": 4} ┆ 3    │
    ╰──────────────────┴──────╯

    (Showing first 2 of 2 rows)

Using the Truncate Function
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The `truncate` function can be used to truncate dates to a specific time unit. This can be useful when you want to group or round dates to the nearest week, month, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `truncate` function can be used to truncate timestamps to a specific time unit. For example, you can use it to truncate timestamps to the nearest day.
```

.. code:: python

    import pandas as pd
    import daft

    # Create a DataFrame with a range of dates
    df = daft.from_pydict({
        "dates": pd.date_range(start="2023-07-01", end="2023-07-06", freq='D').to_list()
    })

    # Truncate dates to the start of the week

>     df = df.with_column("truncated_dates", df["dates"].dt.truncate(freq="W-SUN"))

Reviewer: Does this code work? I'm pretty sure the truncate method doesn't expose a `freq` argument
